
    As of 7/5/13, when we segued from "market stuff" to "children stuff," here
was the state of affairs:

WE KNOW
	Tipping point at about 80 introversion level
        This tipping point seems robust to changes in salary
            (Introversion65Salary, Introversion35Salary)
        This tipping point seems robust to changes in community size
            Though at extreme introversion levels, a bit more low satisf.
            (Introversion35Salary, IntroversionImage20)

    Tipping point at about 90/year trading rate

	Above a certain salary, salary is not very important to satisfaction
    Number of successful trades reaches a wobbly equilibrium over time.
    Total traded volume reaches a wobbly equilibrium over time.

    * There are a significant number of "unsatisfied people" (meaning, # of
        satisfied goods is < 8) even if:
        - we only look at people in the bottom half of total neediness
        - we eliminate all non-supportable people
        - we jack up the # of agents to 500 and the # of trades initiated
            per person to a constant 500
        - we're trading for 100 years (but which we know is not significant
            anyway)
        - we jack up salaries way high
    + Explanations for this, even when all parameters are set for max
        satisfaction:
        * "surplus good producers" go needy because they just can't find
            anyone who wants what they produce. Even if there's plenty of
            what they need in the system, and they continually encounter
            people who have it, they just have no ammo.
	
UNKNOWNS
    *Why* do we continue to have non-satisfied people, even considering all
        the attempts to create a satisfiable environment??
    Why the Russell coefficient wobbles over time. (not important)
    How much does the tipping poitn at 90/year trading depend on what 
        happened in the very last year of sim?


-----------------------------------------
Price equilibrium study:

- If prices change based on individual negotiations, do relative price levels
  emerge that confirm Walrasian predictions? (some goods have higher total
  demand than others (demand vectors are random), and some have higher total 
  supply (salaries and good-that-i-get-my-salary-for are random.))
- What if information is shared, globally or locally, to influence prices at
  the individual trade level?
