"Can an agent-based model -- without centralized price controls, perfect information on the part of agents, or a Walrasian auctioneer -- reproduce the known phenomenon of markets by which prices of goods stabilize to a non-zero, non-infinite price, which is dependent on total supply and demand for that good?" Theory: This is the short term. Prices still indicate scarcity. The market attempts to clear, that is find a price where buyers are willing to buy all that is produced. In the short term, sellers cannot change how much they are going to produce. They must find the highest price where they can sell all that they produce. Work by inventory. If, at the end of the round, the sellers still have inventory left, lower their price. If they have sold everything, let them assume they can sell at a higher price and raise it. Buyers change price expectations based on what they encounter and if there is nothing left, as usual.New Current Model:no switching - short termconsume all of goods (that you are not the producer of?) each roundproducers raise prices if they ran out at the end of the round	They are selling below the market clearing priceproducers lower prices if they have excess inventory at the end of the round	They are selling above the market clearing priceBuyers move 1/10 towards the price of the average of the three they selectedBuyer chooses lowest priced producerDon't go by consumption, go by how much is sold	check against total producedAddition: if there is a producer of the good you are buying left and you did not exhaust your budget for that good, try another producerWrite up what is going on right now PARAGRAPHS AND PICTURESResults:It works!Prices stabilize and stratify, presumably based on the interplay or amount produced and consumedWhy are prices falling when there is too little?Ok, may-day. Some sort of race to the bottom effect. Tipping point and prices do not rise again. Having more money than goods causes prices to fall without constraint. Deflation?Agents with high price got most of the moneyAgents with most of the money could still only buy from one agent of each good each roundIf they reached less than half of those agents, the price went up and they went shortLeeched money out of the system, then couldn't spend it allConcentrating was equivalent to slowly lowering the money supply in the systemNew Results:It really seems to work resilientlyWhen the total amount of money in the system is raised, prices reach a higher stable pricePrices do stabilize regardless of the input money or production rateIf budget is made in the buying function, more money is spentTrace Theory out:Agents buy goodsIf producers run out of good, raise priceIf buyer can't find good, raise price	High price shows that good is scarceSeller wants higher price, will push price up as high as he canBuyer wants lower price, communicates limits to seller by not buyingAll money is spent in the course of the model (several times?)Prices even out because	buyers allocate away from a good when it rises too high	sellers lower prices back to the point they can sell all	